I'm going to click a picture of this
Frame and I'm going to put this picture
into chat GPT 40 and ask it to generate
me in studio GBL style like the millions
of users on Twitter have been doing now
I'm going to ask you to generate me in a
Renaissance painting style or maybe a
van go painting style let's try voxel
art ooh that looks pretty cool while
everyone has been using this new feature
to reimagine themselves in a studio
gibli movie I think one of the most
impressive features of this capability
released by openi is the text generation
capabilities you get almost perfect text
in every single picture that you
actually generate where text is included
now I've had 24 hours in order to
explore all these capabilities and in
this video I will show you the top eight
ways you can use all of Open ai's
Imaging capabilities in real world
scenarios now if you're a designer
definitely watch this video till the end
because I'm going to talk about how
tools and capabilities like this is
actually going to affect the design
World whether you're in graphic design
whether you're in marketing whether
you're in U uiu design etc etc I will
also try to cover how designers can
upskill themselves and also how to find
a place in a world where AI can do a lot
of the things that you're already doing
without further Ado hit that subscribe
button and let's move
on first up add creatives I'm going to
get straight into the prompting so when
you're on the screen you just click on
these three buttons click on create
image and you can just prompt anything
you want to now I love Dux ads I've seen
them all across Instagram I'm sure you
have to so let's try recreating one
imagine a Dux ad in sci-fi style okay
okay this is actually pretty damn good
it got the logo right it says Dux for a
better future which is pretty funny
which is how Dux actually does their ads
this is actually pretty nice generate me
another one ooh I love this explore with
confidence this this is pretty much on
point and we got this by using just one
line of prompt all I did was say imagine
a Dux add in sci-fi style this is
mad moving on number two UI design now I
use Rapido almost on a daily basis but I
hate the user experience and the user
interface so I want a sleeker version of
that make me two mockup
screens of the Rapido app
but
sleeker all right this is actually
pretty sleek and nice it actually
simplified the entire UI yeah I I
actually like this it actually made it
look more similar to Uber which is the
sleeker version of it but yeah I want
you guys to actually note how accurately
it got the text like I can't find a
single typo anywhere over here which is
pretty impressive now I can use this
image and ask chat GPT in order to
convert it into a wireframe or write me
frontend code I can put that on lovable
I can use that and repurpose this image
in many different ways as well so it
does a pretty decent job at UI design
not the best but I think it
passes next up we have image restyling
the stuff you've been seeing on Twitter
where everyone's converting their images
into Studio GBL images let's quickly do
that so I have an image that I clicked
with my co-founders when all of us went
on a trip so I'm just going to up Lo
that over here
and make this into Studio gbi
style all right that actually looks
pretty cool uh all of us look like we
are in Pokemon all right now I'm just
going to try a different
style turn the same
image
into voxel
and there you have it now it looks like
we're all in Minecraft I think it's
interesting to know that these
variations have actually captured all
the major details that were there in the
original image like it captured the
color of our shirts it captured This
Cloud that was there right behind us
which is there in the original image it
captured this piece of wood that was
sort of lying uh below it's it's pretty
awesome and a lot of you have already
seen people use this for you know
personal purpose just like they want to
restyle their images into a different
art style etc
etc at number four we have infographics
and diagrams this is a really cool use
case all right so I'm going to say make
an
infographic explaining how the internet
works now this is a very complex thing
I'm asking it to do let's see how well
it does
it oh wow this is actually pretty
accurate I mean it's very simplified but
it's pretty much accurate so user visits
website data Travels by Wi-Fi send to
the ISP which is the internet service
provider and the data is Tre yeah I mean
it's very very very
simplistic uh but it's right it's not
really wrong and I'm impressed by how
there's not a single typo over here I
haven't seen image models do this
repeatedly where it actually doesn't get
text
wrong pretty impressive let's ask for
something a little more detailed right
now so I'm going to ask it show me a
cross-section
diagram of a cell and label all the
important parts and let's add one more
thing I want at least 15 Parts
labeled so let's see how deep it can
actually go okay it has close to 15
Parts uh a lot of them are definitely
wrong like this is certainly not the
cytoplasm I know that much okay so I
think it definitely screwed up over here
I can also see some typos so when we ask
for extremely detailed stuff I think
that's where it fails so we've
discovered one limit of this
capability at number five we have
printable cards now you can generate
visiting cards you can generate menus at
restaurant so we're going to try some of
that right now make a restaurant menu
with five items with images names of
dishes and a short description all the
items must be from Italian
cuisine all right that actually looks
pretty decent Let's uh try another one
all right I'm going to do imagine a menu
card for a seafood restaurant at go
Seafood quiz
let's see what comes
up ooh that actually looks pretty nice I
love the way the images have come out I
love the way I mean it looks like it all
fits together so pretty decent job and
using this you can generate menu cards
you can generate printable ads you can
generate visiting cards bunch of stuff
like
that next up we have comic so I have
clicked two pictures of my team this is
someone from my team and this is an
image of the office and I'm just going
to type imagine a comic conversation
between these two images about some
office gossip and let's see what chat
GPD comes up with okay I mean the images
look kind of accurate it looks very
similar to the office you know I heard
some office gossip or tell me it's very
basic it's extremely basic but I like
the how it uh did the whole restyling of
the image dialogues not so much all
right let's try another example so this
is another person from my team and I'm
just going to type in a
prompt and let's
see okay that's that's actually pretty
nice that's pretty
decent next up Website Layout now I know
that everyone has their own thoughts
about the IRCTC website and its
performance so let's try reimagining the
IRCTC website remake the IR R CC website
as if it were designed by
Apple all right let's have a look at
this oh my
God yeah this is actually why don't you
guys tell me would you prefer this or
would you prefer the existing IRCTC
website tell me in the comments I would
love to know your thoughts before I give
my opinion but you know in general I
think this is definitely capable of
creating website l layouts and website
design so a thumbs up on
that now at number eight we have Assets
Now these can be icon packs these can be
game assets stuff that you would use in
your creatives in your brand language in
your brand design whatever you want it
you can create asset packs so I'm going
to create an icon pack imagining that
I'm designing a social media website so
let's see make me an icon pack
with six icons for
a social media
app the theme
is purple and
yellow let's
see all right we have an icon pack
loaded over here and I must say these
are pretty highly detailed you can see
the Shadows you can see gradients on
some of them it's actually pretty nice
now there are definitely more things you
can do with ch gpt's Imaging
capabilities but these were the top ones
that I found real world use cases for
now my team has taken the Liberty in
order to experiment a lot more with the
kind of features that I've spoken about
over here so they've created a bunch of
cool things that you can see over here
as a
[Music]
montage all right so so far whatever
features that we've seen from chat gpt's
Imaging capabilities some of them were
really a awesome like the ball went out
of the park some of them were M some of
them were really bad you guys probably
know which ones what but overall I think
these are pretty great features to have
and I want you guys to remember that the
current state of the capabilities that
you see are the worst that it's ever
going to be which means that it's only
going to get better from here you are
currently seeing the worst version of
this model that being said let's address
what it means for designers if you're
staying back you're probably in
marketing or you're a ux designer or
you're a graphic designer or an artist
or an illustrator or related to design
in some way or form now I know that
there are some among you who actually
think that hey my job is in danger and I
might just lose it etc etc and there's
also the other half of you that actually
think that hey I don't think anything's
going to happen AI sucks I'm not
replaceable at all I'm just going to
keep getting good at my skills and I
think I'll be safe the thing is if you
ask me who's right both of you are
actually right and I'll tell you why see
what a has actually brought us in terms
of capabilities is efficiency and costs
right there is higher efficiency and
there is lowering of costs which is why
it is such a great threat to many job
roles many job fields etc etc so you've
already seen what CH gp4 is capable of
in terms of images now do you really
think all the companies will have a
computer that is sitting and making
decisions by itself and creating images
by itself absolutely not right it's
probably a person operating that
computer and sort of making those
decisions on whether it is doing a good
job or whether it is not at the end of
the day it is a human who is still the
decision maker and a human who is still
the prompter now I'm sure that there
will be systems that actually come that
can actually do the prompting but I
think in the field of marketing or any
kind of outward public facing field
there will always be a human decision
maker that does the final check so
ultimately it's not really AI that is
going to replace whatever job role
you're in it is a human that actually
can work much better and much faster
than you it is not AI replacing humans
it's better humans replacing humans and
I don't think this is really going to
change in companies at all because
companies take their reputations too
seriously and they just can't risk
giving an AI full control of all their
ad copies and marketing copies and
website copies and uiux designs and
stuff like that there there will always
be humans in the loop it's just that the
number of humans who are there in the
loop might be less because efficiency is
actually more so you really got to be
great at what you do let's take
illustration as an example now if you
wanted to illustrate something let's say
for a social media ad or let's say for a
poster or something the barrier to
execute that was actually quite High
because you needed to have the skill set
in order to do that and this skill set
only comes with years of training and
practice right so let's say that the
barri to execution was somewhere over
here but today the barri to execution is
much lowered because of AI because AI
simply does all that creative work for
you it does the creative thinking it
does the creative execution all you need
to do is give the idea so ultimately
what's happened is generative AI has
democratized the process of design for
people who are even outside of design
the entry barrier to actually do this
has become pretty much lower so all you
need to have at the end of the day is
good taste and good decision-making
capabilities you just need to be like
this is good design this is not good
design but that also comes with
understanding the fundamentals of design
itself
right if you give AI into the hands of
person with a bad sense of design they
are never going to create anything good
so ultimately what matters is you and
the taste that you actually develop and
your ability in order to use these
Technologies to your advantage the
designer who is going to win in the era
of AI is going to be someone who has
very strong foundations in the
fundamentals of what design is like
you'll still need to know your color
theory you'll still need to know
perspectives rule of thirds all these
very very fundamental basic design
Concepts and on top of these Concepts
only can you actually adopt Ai and use
it in order to make your workflow faster
and make yourself more productive so
it's going to be someone who understands
the fundamentals who's rooted in the
fundamentals and someone who's grown in
the ways of the future which is by using
AI using multiple models like the model
that actually came out right now in
their day-to-day workflow in order to
make it much faster and in order to
enhance their creative processes so
bottom line our designers going to lose
jobs well some of them definitely are
teams of five might be cut into teams of
two and the two people who remain are
going to be the ones who actually know
how to use AI to their advantage so the
only way in order to stay afloat is to
make AI your best friend and learn as
much as you can and use it as much as
you can in your daily life because this
wave is definitely coming I don't mean
to scare you but this is basically what
it's going to be but if there are any
experiened designers watching this video
I'm curious to hear your thoughts as
well and start a dialogue in the
comments what do you think where is all
of this headed how do you think design
as a field is going to actually adopt AI
uh how fast do you think that is
actually going to happen let me know in
the comments and if you like this video
subscribe to 100x we'll be back with
more stuff like this see you uh bye